FLOWER ONLINE STORE SHOP

PRIME OBJECTIVE: 


USERS STORIES

Jared - admin user:
Jared is an administrator user, his role is to review daily, weekly and monthly sales, and
Make a report of it. For that, go to the sales menu, and select the category you need.
Then generate the sales report, to send it to the marketing department.
Also check the price update, flower arrangements discounts, in the same way
sending a shipment to the marketing department.

Jared es usuario administrador, su funcion es revisar las ventas diarias, semanales y mensuales, y 
realizar un reporte de ello.Para eso, va al menu de ventas, y selecciona la categoria que necesita. 
Despues genera el reporte de las ventas, para enviarlo al departamento de marketing.
Tambien revisa la actualizacion de precios, descuentos de los arreglos florales, de igual manera
envia un porte al departmanet de marketing.

David - marketing user:
David enters the system and reviews the reports sent by the administrator user, based on that,
Applies discounts and promotions to registered customers.

David entra al sistema y revisa los reportes enviados por el usuario administrador, en base a eso, 
aplica descuentos y promocones a los clientes registrados. 

Katie - standard user:
Katie enters the flowers shop page because she wants to buy a floral arrangement. Check the categories
of types of flowers to see which one you like. Select the Lilis flowers category and start to see which one
of the arrangements he likes to buy it. since you select one with the price that suits you click
Add to shopping cart. Keep seeing more products on the page. Since it is decided to pay
Go to the purchase option. Describe your bank card info and make the purchase.

Katie entra a la pagina de flowers shop porque quiere comprar un arreglo floral. Revisa las categorias
de tipos de flores para ver cual le gusta. Selecciona la categoria Lilis flowers y empieza a ver cual
de los arreglos le gusta para comprarlo. ya que seleciona uno con el precio que le acomode hace clic 
agregar al carrito de compras. Sigue viendo que mas productos hay en la pagina. Ya que se decide pagar
va a la opcion de compra. Describe la info de su tarjeta bancaria y hace la compra.






